This audit is, it's still out of date, believe it or not. Even though it was just run. There's a couple things that I've worked in since then. Time this year has been predominantly focused on a couple things. The one that I'm most actively working on is something called Local Check. And Local Check is pretty much a, an app for I think what I think the largest underserved community, most competitive, most connected, but also unorganized, most financially capable and able to spend. Right. It's a market. It's the most logical progression and something that we all see growing up. We have Little League, it's competition, it's sports, it's community, it's teams, it's friendship. So for it's called Local Check, I'll link the GitHub. But kids have little league and AAU and soccer. Then you have college or you have high school, which is in high school sports. Au, you have like, like just all the high school stuff like high school teams and you have college. And if you're not, these are sports for people who aren't pro. Right? Literally he's not pro. High school, you're good, but you can also join leagues, college, same thing. IMs, intermurals, like little Leagues, like your social life. Like there's, there's a lot of sports that you can play and compete and also be organized and track but not be professionals. That competitiveness and that community doesn't leave whenever you graduate college. Every neighborhood has a court and a community that comes with it. And pickleball has been like the biggest rise in market, in sports and like in history. But the two courts and two communities that I think are the most strong and most passionate and competitive would be basketball and pickleball. Both courts have strong communities. Local Check is an app for the young adults, to retired parents, everyone who goes to their. I see it. I've been, I've been living in a couple different communities between Austin, Houston, D.C. like every place I go, I, I usually go play basketball. And there's a tight knit community that it goes through the same process in all the places I've been. Like first you just start showing up either with your people by yourself and if you stick to each team, you'll start seeing the same people over, over some time. Eventually someone's going to ask you if you want to play. And that right there is the first definitive kind of checkpoint. When they ask you to play, you play. And from there they're comfortable asking you, you're comfortable asking them. And that kind of relationship goes on. Like, there's just. It's at first, like, very professional, respectful, and then kind of, you get comfortable and, like, you're more. You're friendly, you're familiar, and so you're competing in this playful banter. And these groups grow, and there's usually a large group chat or text message to plan stuff, like, who's going? Who's going here? What time y' all going? Oh, like, we'll play game. Like, it's. It's very informal and very unorganized, very strong, very active, very competitive. And if there's an app that could make it easier to plan, easier to see who's there, easier to also track your performance, easier to compare yourself to your peers, right? That app would be powerful. Something that's seamless, something that is valuable, like. Like something that, like. Like something that you want to use because it gives you so much information and value, but also so easy to use. And so local tech is that app that I'm building. I already have the web app done. The mobile app. I don't have too much experience with mobile, so that's been a little bit difficult. But the vision, like, so far we have is like, you have. It's also cool because there's a. There's a kind of a geolocation aspect to it. Also pull the maps from mapbox, get all the data, like Quartz, from what's available online. So, like, Google Maps and Apple Maps, like, see what you can pull, but they don't really document, like, basketball courts and pickleball courts, but you can pull some stuff based on satellite and other kind of data sources, something like Electron. But what's cool is this thing, if it catches fire, cannot paint. They go really big. And so, like, as, like, people move into new neighborhoods and like, as this kind of gets like that on that. That notoriety and that kind of like, just people know that if you want to find courts in your area and if you want to track and see who's there and if you want to. I think this is this. This is the Every neighborhood. Not every neighborhood, like, but some of the newer neighborhoods have apps where you can go for RSVP to courts, right? People might or might not use it. It's definitely not the best friendly app. But imagine an app where all these communities are on one central platform. And, like, if you're saying, for instance, I'm in Conra and I don't enter the basketball court over here, but it's not on this app, I can go ahead and add one, and then as People start coming, I'll start playing with them. I say hey, why don't you download this app, let me start tracking our games. Use ELO ranking to drop the games, plan ahead like send them a message hey or send them an invite. You want to play some one on one. I got a 515 going on this Friday and like instead of wasting time taking teams like auto assigned chains based on ELO ranking how huge is that? We waste so much time trying to pick teams by shooting around or just informal awkward social stuff. What if we just had like this one makes people want to track it. I want to see how long I've been playing basketball for. I want to see, I want to log when I'm there at the court. That way people who are just unsure if they want to come or not, they can just look at the app and say oh there's who's checked in right now. I'm going to go ahead and message or message the board my course saying I'm going to be there a little bit later and then I can also RCP or put maybes and confirm or it makes a planning game is playing the time tracking the games, tracking performance. Everything's so seamless and easy and centralized and also make it I take it a step further. So not only are we are we the source of truth for courts everywhere because there's like a pack source basketball court open my Google or Apple Maps. I don't know if I find it, I don't find it my local court. The only reason why I flash your comments is a review on Google that will say basketball court that's it. But there is no everyone wants to know where the courts are. There is no app for that and the only way you get an app for that is make me want to start logging and documenting these things. I'm not going to want to crowdsource and log the cord if I don't but if I can be the first one to say like I'm going to add this chord to the map, go ahead and click the add button, take a picture of it. You put the address in boom, it's now loaded and your rank means go based on courts and also zip toes and areas and in the future I see case where organized like nationwide kind of things like like there's the NBA and there's tennis and all that but there is no informal and this can even probably feed. I mean I'm thinking like super far term long term like this could feed I know this note this voicemail is completely different than what the actual substance of this. I decided as a notebook, I dream big. And I see like this how it can be. This app can feed professional sports like the people who are top ranked in their, in their, in their domains. I bet, I bet, I bet scouts look at that. And so like, I mean like this is it. Like this app actually has so much power and use and it's such an underserved community. Like, like a geolocation auto check in. So whatever. I can also go private. I think about privacy also. But I can just as I walk onto the court, geolocation tagging that's checked in other people can either be subscribed to my friends and they can have a notification or something. So let me know my friendship with the court. They get notification, boom, Jesse just checked in to the court. They look at the, they look at the app and see, oh, Jesse's there. I also see Angie's there. I see these other people are there. I'm gonna go ahead and, I'm gonna go ahead and just. You don't have to text anyone. You disconnect little comments on the board on the court saying I'm gonna be there. And then you could, you could, you could, you can go ahead and draft a, a game, a run call. It runs like you can like I forgot what the word use. But just basically like he presents and then like it can be either accepted but because everyone can accept it or they can like, but it just, it's, it's, it's an invite. Like invite us or down. So I'm done. You invite them to a scheduled game and those scheduled official games are going to be logged again. Like you can schedule. You don't have to informally text that you all want to play these games. You just send an invite to the games and then if they all accept it, boom, it's an official game. And then the E rankings will get updated seven days to get automatically after games log. You get seven days to contest. Otherwise it's official. Supposed to be fun. It's not supposed to be like super competitive. But the idea is just to make it easy. It makes it easy. It makes it organized for the most underserved and probably the largest community I think that is underserved out there now. Like, what other market is there that touches all age groups? Again, I play basketball. People who are 13 to 70 people go to their courts and the communities are tight. They're fun communities. After a while, if you all people, all ages, all skill levels, all want a better way to track who's there and check in and also track down stuff, also improve, track your performance. That's the future state. I say future state. Right now we have just basic MVP features, auto check in and ELO rankings and schedule runs and log games. Future state is what I was talking about earlier where you might be the local in your local zip or the area you might be ranked high on ELO and you maybe go on a weekend trip or you go somewhere for like the summer and you see now you have a new court. So you have. You said YOLO court, but you have a new court. And when you check in people, people will see that, oh, we have a new person who just checked into this court. Whoa, that's a high ranking. I'm gonna, I'm send a message saying hey, do you want to play sometimes I'm also kind of close to that ranking and you just send that message again. You don't have to auto check in. You can be private mode or whatever. But like this makes it like it would be so weird and awkward or even somehow impossible to like find people you're still able to play with awkward to reach out and say hey, don't play. But this makes all of that, that's awkward and more fun. Next to community of communities, a future state is like this is a premium feature. I'm trying to think how do you make this page? And I don't want it to be advertised and I don't want to isolate people. Basically money to just have the basic features. But AI features. Someone could set up the phone to record the games if they wanted to record their game. Five on five, one on one, whatever. Have AI image and video analysis, a live refereeing. So it takes a look, it completely takes away subjective stuff. Like someone you can literally have a phone watching the game and calling out this core and there is no more debates, there's no disputes. The AI is refereeing. It will make mistakes, sure, but over time it makes no mistakes. Right. Like this whole point is it's confident, optimized, it's constantly learning and optimizing unlike human referees. And I think some would argue that that makes it fun. And that's a super metal argument because yeah, that's true. I think like part of the game is the refs getting it wrong. Like before this, this kind of stuff, like community stuff, like you just don't follow the rules, you're not paying. I guess you people play, you don't really care for the that moment where the referees are trying to figure out what the call is and everything matters. Like you just want to go there, compete playfully, respectfully, and have an objective referee make the best decisions at that point. Right now we're arguing about foul or out of bounds. Let the thing do its thing. So that's the feature and here's where the extension comes in. Those game analysis, your paid future. You get to have your stats since your profile. So you see, oh, here's my stats. This app I thought through completely like from phase one all the way to like end game where endgame is the app of apps. The app of apps where you get to. I'm telling you, like, there's no like this should be an app. I don't know why it's not. Because little league, high school sports, intramurals, I still play. I play more, right? I stay active. That's why. That's why I stay active. Like I don't play basketball. People ask me to play all the time. And I've been to multiple different cities, multiple areas. It's always the same kind of process and the same experience. You go there for a bit, you kind of do your thing. Eventually someone asks you to play, you become cool with them, you know, might as well group chat and you're playing through that. We still compete. But there is no way to kind of play like that group trying to say you plan. There's no way to track our games. There's no way to actually compare rankings. No way I can actually track my performance now. Like the, like having box scores of games like this makes like this. This adds a whole complete element to this game. Like it'd be so fun to just see post game analysis on an informal pickup game that you're woke with. Meeting board. Be fun to go to a new course, see exactly where to rank up there. Like you can track your course and your gear, your kind of activity over the time. Like see the little courts you played in, too many hours of pickleball or basketball you played. And there's also kind of different business models that you can do affiliates with affiliates with like kind of different leagues or different kind of like products and platforms